# Reflection
- My role as a backend developer contributes to the Agile process in a variety of ways. As a developer, it should be my goal to help break down user stories into actionable technical tasks, and use my technical knowledge to accurately estimate the time it will take to complete these tasks. I will then contribute to the Agile process by working iteratively on these tasks to make continuous improvement and progress, which will be reported in daily stand-up meetings. At the completion of a sprint or milestone, I should take part in a retrospective and reflect with my team on how the work went, what was effective, and what should be improved for next time

- My role critically impacts all other roles within the team. As a developer, I am a part of the team producing the product. Thus, all other roles are contigient on the deliverables I am able to produce. Quality Assurance will need to review the content I work on, thus their workflow is directly tied to my own. Product Managers will also be awaiting any work I produce, to further review its alignment to the end goal and client's needs. Any role creating assets (such as UX designers or artists) will need technical limitations communicated, and front end developers may be blocked awaiting assets from these teams - though in a backend role, I will be impacted less by these domains

- I feel that Quality Assurance may be the role I work most closely with, ensuring I do not introduce any bugs into our software and address those in need of attention. To improve teamwork with this role, I will ensure any concerns raised by this team are clearly noted down in the backend team's Kanban board (if appropriate) and worked on according to priority. By utilising the Kanban structure, the QA team will be able to see clearly that their work is being integrated into our workflow and being iterated on
